the magnifying glass
André Carvajal today will show us
how at a given moment with a
butterflies we can start as the
base so that after a wasp we
helps control worms in the
fruits
Andrew
here we have this ladle cited 5 grams
butterfly drugs appointment eggs
butterflies and before we are going to make a voice
butterfly on wheat on wheat ok
how long are we going to do here here what
We will leave 24 days 24 days
we take all those granites of
wheat and we bring them here that are already
infected at parties already has the
animalito the entity has 24 days
the butterfly hatches 30 days
the 30 days then at 24 days what
we bring and what we do we take what
we are going to uncover not then what
we do is
that wheat we fill these are you
trays if these trays with that
already infested wheat if they are doing
polyps and is of them are at
butterflies and they are coming out
Of course, there are six of us
days for those explosions these
we put here
at 30 days she already starts today I want
and butterflies and it's already full of butterfly
this already burst then and this
is that rivers around here this
this is the jar where we are going to
collect the butterflies and where they
they will place the eggs
we also have 5 trays with 10
kilos of wheat infested already then to
the 30 days already burst the
butterflies how many we have more or less
for each tray in each tray we
so you can put it in each cabinet
you have to give us an egg gram
daily
of production are roughly how many
Butterflies are about ten thousand ten
a thousand butterflies here will be how much
good time since they have already fallen
here yes they fell today today we left it 24
hours if at 24 hours we come and we
We take these butterflies to the place where
we are going to separate
all we are going to do is separate
let's learn this extract
and he goes on strategies because like the
butterfly we jump into powder that can be
harm to us then we learn to
do this operation which is to sweep the
eggs from the sides
there are the little butterfly
We are not going to empty here in that colander
and we will serve it
and we go back to the pot there we have
the little eggs then what are we going
to do is to clean the delicious ones
let's throw in a bag
Y
we took them and we're going to forgive
our on top and by ronald how much
time will not be here here we will
have four days four days yes from
this place where we go to the
four winds we already took them from there
from the porrón if we clean them well and
we are going to store them in the angel that
what we do is have it already marcadito
his life referenced to and deliver it
to agriculture to the farmer to the
how many days do you leave at 8-10 at 8
days we already leave here a wasp
a wasp once and this wasp is going to
Search eggs butterfly butterfly
of which she already knows because that
food of her I want it the
opportunity pedagogically that the
biological issue begins to replace
the chemists thank you so much andrés
good for now
he gives a tantrum